docs: clean up ADRs and add new one for ZIO HTTP (#2380)
dasch-swiss/dsp-api: docs/05-internals/design/adr/ADR-0006-use-zio-http.md

# ADR-0006 Use ZIO HTTP

Date: 2022-12-01

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> The current routes use the `Akka Http` framework. Because of Lightbend's decision that `Akka` will no longer be open source and their introduction of a commercial license, we want to get away from `Akka Http`. This also fits the general strategic decision to use ZIO for the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current routes use the `Akka Http` library. Because of changes to the licensing of the `Akka` framework, we want to move away from using `Akka Http`. This also fits the general strategic decision to use ZIO for the backend.
```
